playsoundfile 0 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 0 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 1 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 1 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 2 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 2 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 3 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 3 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 4 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 4 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 5 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 5 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 6 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 6 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 7 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 7 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 8 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 8 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 9 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 9 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 10 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 10 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 11 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 11 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 12 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 12 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 13 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 13 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 14 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 14 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 15 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 15 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 16 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 16 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 17 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 17 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 19 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 18 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 19 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 19 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 20 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 20 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 21 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 21 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 22 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 22 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 23 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 23 /zsounds/bullseye.wav
wait 1
playsoundfile 24 /sound/custom/def
playsoundfile 24 /zsounds/bullseye.wav